[Applause]
that will be your rain song whenever you
come to this show think you will be
serenaded with that I I was hoping for
that or iris by the Goo Goo Dolls oh
yeah a little more personal buddy I've
been here before to do its show yeah not
not as a guest obviously you would
remember that but um yeah I thought I
said this is years ago meet my buddy
Scott Daly we sat like the second row
where you guys are right there yeah the
episode why I still remember it because
you're that good it was that Javier
Bardem and flava flav and Stone Sour Wow
Wow how do you forget my Flavor Flav
well obviously what year was this how
long ago I don't know this must've been
like 2013 what was how many children was
flavor up to at that time know what I
haven't kept count like I told them I
would you haven't kept track he did he
was here to slinging like he had like
spicy chicken he gave it to the audience
all right it was a cooking demonstration
we don't think it felt like a dream not
an aspirational dream but I mean like a
dream where you drink
as fun as yes he opened a not a chain
maybe I don't know if it still exists
but he opened his own fried chicken
restaurant it's you know what it is it's
a saturated market a lot there's a lot
of fast food options it's a literally
saturated market well and where did you
grow up where are you from from Saginaw
Michigan it's just uh you know hey I
know we'd get that response our warm-up
guide on is from Saginaw and he tells
the audience this every single night and
no one really ever dares but he tells us
that every single night yeah yeah you
guys are both Saginaw we ins what is
that order you go by what do what do I
want sagging sagging awesome sagging
awesome that's good I would make for a
nice t-shirt it someone is literally
making plans for it as they watch the
show I know you probably got here by a
plane or something like that but why did
you move to Los Angeles I I wanted to
act I I sort of immersed myself in this
my entire life I was like you know
obsessed with it and and I went to be a
background extra in a movie and it was a
movie written and directed by Lance
black who wrote milk he won an Academy
Award for running milk which is a
beautiful oh yeah right and and I just
saw him at the audition and I figured
I'm not gonna get a speaking part but I
just saw him and I thought I'm gonna
congratulate him on his Oscar so I
walked up and I said hey I just want to
say congrats on milk it's a beautiful
film I love your speech I'm a Christian
and when you said God doesn't hate gay
people like that brought me to tears
that needs to be said thank you and I
just said what I felt and was ready to
walk away and and he said there might be
a part for you let me get your name and
he brought me back and and I booked like
[Applause]
yeah he remembered you from that from
that he didn't even know if you could
act and he gave me that part well I did
have to audition but um but you know I
was pretty like I said I was very
aggressive and immersive so well guys I
was auditioning against they worked at
like Sam Goody they didn't you know they
didn't work yet you know they weren't as
obsessed as I was this was back home
this is back home in Michigan and I made
some money and I moved to LA two months
later was crazy oh you made the money
and then that got you out here yeah if
you keep in touch with him at all
I texted I tried to bother him he's a
busy guys got family and he's you know
he's doing speaking engagements but I I
text him once a year just to remind him
like you gave Lance Black gave me my
start yeah yeah that's better he takes
some pleasure in that and he's gonna be
excited to see you in this movie well
you know this movement which I thought
was great and you were fantastic in it
it's called Richard Jewell this is the
story of the man who is now deceased who
was wrongly accused of planting a bomb
at the Olympics in Atlanta it was in
it's a you know it's a sad it is a sad
story for sure it's heavy you know it's
one of those movies that it's sort of
like you have to google it afterwards
because some of the things seem so
unbelievable and then you find out the
real and it's and it's pretty
jaw-dropping and painful but um but we
kept it light on the set you know we had
guests speaking of it being real yeah I
mentioned this to Sam Rockwell when he
was here I was there in I was working at
a radio station I was in the parking lot
of Sat litter Jules apartment complex
what's with the media that was depicted
in the film and it looked and it is
exactly as I remembered it I mean
exactly as I remembered it and it's a
very strange experience to see that it's
almost like watching like a home movie
or something but yeah I happen to be
there covering the Olympics I was a
sports guy on a radio station and this
happened it became the big story and we
were out the parking lot just waiting
for something I don't know what knots it
was I was around a 24-hour you know 24/7
news cycle and yes events of that so
suddenly everybody's like maybe we'll
just stay here to see what we get and
we'll put it on whenever you know is it
intimidating to be directed by Clint
Eastwood no and it should have
and I don't say that out of any like
poise or arrogance it's more like he
puts you at ease he reminds you he's a
film fan himself and although a lot of
the great directors I've worked with
spike lead Kraig glass bead Clint
Eastwood they all show that there's
still fans and people and family men so
it it de-escalates the nerves but but um
I was more you know nervous to me Bobby
jewel Richard's mother I mean that was
crazy oh yeah oh you met his mother she
came out of the Warner Brothers lot and
and I was just like you know I got the
part holy cow and then a couple days
later they're like you got to come back
and meet the real people and I'm like oh
this is feels like another audition so I
go in to meet them but they couldn't
have been sweeter at one point Bobby
Jewell was looking at me like a
thousand-yard stare and so I'm wondering
if she's judging me and she mad that I'm
the guy who's playing her son and then
she goes you look just like Richard do
you let you assign my son Wow and she
says you're doing things like him that
you don't even know you're doing that
her like him so it felt like the
ultimate sign off to get it you know her
approval I would imagine so what were
you doing intentionally doing things
like him or was itwas looking for bombs
in the office some inherent stuff you
know we're we do have similar tendencies
and traits you know I'm sure you do you
think so huh yeah more than I like a lot
of the characters I play whether good
guys are scummy guys I got a lot in
common with a lot of them there's a
reason there's a reason I get these
parts you know what I mean do you think
that Clint Eastwood is someone you will
like keep in touch with regularly over
the course of your life god I hope so
I mean I'll hopefully he's not sick of
me he's been seeing a lot of me recently
but uh I make him laugh - you know like
I try I'm I'm the same but I don't know
how to put on like airs I just I'm the
same person with everybody so I had fun
making a bluff and just keeping what
makes Clint Eastwood laughs I think
spontaneity he's so used to so much of
what he does that like he's made like
30-some movies that I just tried like
you know keep keeping it moving and
keeping the improv go there was a day
where we did a karaoke scene which thank
God isn't in the film seriously we had a
karaoke scene like a cut but but in the
scene I I you know Clint looked at me at
one point as if there wasn't enough
pressure and he goes do you even know
how to sing
and I just everyone's looking at like 40
crew members are looking at me after he
says that I go L is for the way you
looked at me I'm talking to you Clint II
I just like I immediately went into like
a whole like you know Frank Sinatra
thing and he was cracking up and he
looked at me he goes always with the
tricks well you did a terrific job in
the movie it's R it's really good it's
called Richard Jewell it opens in
theaters tomorrow Paul Walter Hauser
everybody
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box